You guys are heartless! We've suffered enough, and you're now your tormenting and it's over and over again.
You people are monsters!
You're not here. You're honored that I want a cornea.
Don't push your luck, old man.
We're the Walker family.
Top of the Fuji. We can do whatever we want to you, and what are you gonna do about it, huh?
What am I gonna do?
Don't do it! Don't do any of your cornea!
They're trying to trick us!
You have a rare A.B. naked as putt.
Dr. Rur, I think I hear my dad calling me.
It's just your nerves playing tricks on you.
Just try to lie back down and relax.
Come back again!
Shut up, old man.
Something's wrong.
But are they hurting you?
Just breathe.
I'm gonna give you this shot. It's gonna help calm you down and stop the hallucinations.